docs(tailwind-css): add `tailwind.config.ts` code block (#68006)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/05-styling/02-tailwind-css.mdx

> Inside `tailwind.config.js`, add paths to the files that will use Tailwind CSS class names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside your Tailwind configuration file, add paths to the files that will use Tailwind class names:
```
